5.0.7	Big fix - long /write messages now work, along with long commands in
		general.  Centralized and cleaned up the packet-wrap code.
	Big feature - new commands for registering (/register),
		changing your password (/cp), and bumping users (/bump) that
		prompt for your password and don't echo or log it.
	autoreg variable - if set, client prompts for password automatically on
		receipt of "send password to register nick" message from
		server
	Fixed minor problem with spurious echo of initial characters
	Tab key now does nickname completion from your tab history 
		(only if pressed in the middle of the second word of the line)
	Fixed behaviour of server commands so "/command" with no args works
	   the same as "/m server command".
	Added -nopersonal switch to /m as opposite of -personal.
	Fixed sample.icbrc - removed invalid comments.
	Fixed logging so outbound /m's only show up once
	Made setup a little more intelligent about directory locations.
	Ported to Linux
	Cleaned up so that compiles with no warnings under gcc (on SunOS and
		Linux, at least)
	
5.0.6 	limited release; mostly a beta for the features in 5.0.7.

5.0.5   a few changes to make it compile under NeXTStep 2.0.
	commented out tokens after #else and #endif to satisfy picky
	   preprocessors.
	changed the makefiles to handle creating the destination directories
           a little better.

5.0.4   incorporated changes that were going on in parallel with development
	   of 5.0.1 through 5.0.3, including removal of a possible coredump-
	   causing bug and making message formats consistent.
	ported to IRIX.
	also modified icb/msgs.c so that invitation messages from the Unix
	   server are understood and invites from hushed nicknames don't
	   affect the tab history.
	
5.0.3   modified icb/msgs.c so that the RSVP/invite works properly for
           for the VMS server, which is far more utilized than the Unix
           ones.

5.0.2   modified icb/send.c to fix insertion of typed messages into the
           reply log.
        modified icb/readline.c to fix the client hanging on backspacing
           over a typed in line.
        modified murgil/contoport.c to set the client to be nonblocking
           I/O, as the server already had been.

5.0.1	made changes necessary to port to HP-UX

5.0.0    - see the CHANGES file for details
	client passes unknown commands along to the server
	changed "fn" to "icb" everywhere.
	changed ".fnrc" to ".icbrc"; looks for "ICBNAME"; etc.
	changed the "fset" command to "oset" (option-set).
	original names still work for backward compatibility.
	incorporated GNU readline library; added "editmode" variable
	delayed processing of startup file until after server connect
	removed length limitation on input messages
	removed specia-case parsing of /m; added proc m to call s_personal
	moved buffer/log addition of outgoing messages from parse to lower level
	   so all messages go in regardless of source. beeps and invites go
	   in as well.
	/hdel nick removes nick from tab history.
	/oset autodel true causes automatic deletion of bad nicknames
	added replay -personal, -[no]log, -[no]screen, -nickname 
	/oset cute false turns off the cute messages
	/ounset var unsets an oset variable
	added "personalto" variable and "/m -personal, -clear"
	/oset tabreply true will add incoming nicknames to the tab history
		(incoming personals, invites, and beeps)
	changed command-line options to multicharacter
	fixed /log so it works as a toggle
	fixed /hclear so it doesn't return a bad code
	/m<space><return> doesn't dump core
	added global server list file and optional user override ".icbservrc"

0.10	
	echoback for open group messages
	/hclear clears the history buffer
	/who now shows moderators
	status now tells you everything about the group
	arglist can be cleared
	time output now controlled by time variable
	bindings moved to bindings file
	added input section to help
	help output is now pageable
	help generator now breaks help into sentence strings
	function checking support added to fnsetup
	doubled commandchar now means literal
	tab expansion improved
	Added AIX option to systems.
	added paging to the display routine
	restricted mode available as fset var and as "fn -r"
	tilde expansion now done in session logging pathname
	session logging restored
	added random number generator primitive
	fnsetup now saves default answers
	added hush primitive
	added replay buffer
	stomped null loginid bug once and for all
	changed namelist code into generalized string list code
	fn now reads the editing chars from the tty struct 
	added /who [group] [.]
	fset spaceonshell to request a space upon return from shell command
	fset verifyquit to verify exit on /q
	fset cmdchar to set command char
	added fset primitive
	fnsetup asks for numeric address as default
	murgil getaddr module written to handle numeric addresses
	lib/* modules separated and moved into separate directories
	moved murgil calls to ipcf.c
	misc de-linting of code
	functypes.h to provide "sort of" prototypes for pcc compilers
	shell command now works with "/!"  "/!command" "/!  command" etc.
	shell command now looks at SHELL variable and executes command under it 
	.fnrc file now parsed by TCL
	started moving unix dependent stuff to unix.c
	commands moved from cmds.c to serparate files
	line buffering now set on session log
	fnset now tries to detect if ask compiled for wrong machine
	included "Modifying" text
	default bindings now built from ascii file by perl script
	include files cleaned up somewhat
	unnecessary LIBDIR definitions removed from fn/Make.
	default gcc options trimmed down
	"-traditional" added to default gcc options
	"Installing" added to dist files
	response field eliminated from client
	group output changed a little
	online help system installed
	"makehelp" man page formatter script removed
	tcl support added

0.9	17-Feb-90
	help disabled
	client name changed to "fn"
	now uses .fnrc instead of .forumrc
	removed tree code
	new script based installation procedure
	group printing in client slightly changed
	code now runs under gcc with extra error checking
